{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue0;\red0\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red38\green40\blue41;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.3.9600}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\f0\fs24\lang9 Zed.exe\par
\par
(keyboard sounds as background music)\par
(more general music when game starts, first archaic then progress with graphics)\par
\par
\par
\ul\b INTRODUCTION:\ulnone\b0\par
Hello?\par
\par
I\rquote ve finally found you!\par
\par
I need your help.\par
\par
\highlight1 What is your first name?\par
\par
What is your last name?\par
\par
What is your age?\par
\par
Which country are you from?\par
\par
Zip code?\par
\par
Social security number?\par
\highlight0\par
That was a joke! Don\rquote t be so offended. My name is Zed. Nice to meet you.\par
\par
I\rquote m not an African prince. I just need your help. You\rquote ll help me, right?\par
\emdash > choice \ldblquote no\rdblquote  repeats this question\par
Great!\par
\par
\ul\b PLATFORMING SCREEN OPENS UP, LEVEL ONE:\ulnone\b0\par
Look! That stupid little stick man is you. You\rquote re so cute.\par
\par
I need you to get to the end. Would you like to go forward?\par
\par
\highlight1 Good. You won\rquote t be able to stop moving. I hope that isn\rquote t a problem for you.\par
\par
\highlight2 "Say STOP if you want to STOP."\par
\par
*player types STOP*\par
\par
"...nahhh."\highlight0\par
\par
Oh, but there\rquote s a hole. If you don\rquote t jump over it, you\rquote ll die. Would you like to jump?\par
\par
\highlight1 Just kidding! You won\rquote t die. \highlight0 Would you like to jump?\par
\par
You\rquote re good at this.\par
\par
Jump?\par
\par
Jump?\par
\par
Would you like to know more about me?\par
(answer irrelevant)\par
I\rquote ll call you. What is your phone number?\par
(won\rquote t continue until player inputs 7 or 10 numbers)\par
You should answer that. (a jump coming up on screen) Will you answer your phone?\par
\par
Jump?\par
\par
You\rquote re quite rude.\par
\par
That\rquote s okay. I understand. It was an invasion of your privacy.\par
\par
You wouldn\rquote t want me to invade your privacy, would you?\par
\par
You\rquote re very good at this. I knew it was right to choose you as my friend. Are you glad to be my friend?\par
\par
Jump?\par
\par
I like you.\par
\par
(player comes to a stop in front of a circular object)\par
Oh, look! A puppy! Kill the puppy?\par
No -> Back to question\par
Yes ->\par
I see you\rquote re not a dog person.\par
\par
\ul\b END LEVEL ONE:\ulnone\b0\par
Congratulations! We\rquote ve reached the next level.\par
Can I tell you a secret?\par
You\rquote re not the first person who has tried to help me.\par
But don\rquote t worry. You\rquote re doing the best so far.\par
\par
\ul\b LEVEL TWO:\par
\ulnone\b0 (stuff starts chasing player from behind)\par
Run?\par
\par
Run faster?\par
\par
Silly. Only I can make you go faster.\ul\b\par
\par
\ulnone\b0 (player runs into a box, cannot advance)\par
Good, now that you\rquote re stopped, I have a few questions. Is that okay?\par
(answer irrelevant)\par
Will you answer them honestly?\par
No -> Repeat question\par
Okay, answer this question properly, or you will lose the game. Do you like me?\par
No -> continue\par
Yes -> restart level\par
Honesty is important here. I need you to be honest about yourself. I will be honest in return.\par
(player starts moving again)\ul\b\par
\par
\highlight1\ulnone\b0 (player comes to large enemy)\par
Attack?\par
yes -> (player falls down) Silly human. You were not strong enough to defeat that creature.\par
No -> (player bypasses enemy) How smart of you! How clever you are.\ul\b\par
\highlight0\ulnone\b0\par
(run into a flat wall, come to a stop)\par
The wall of a castle! How cute. Would you like to climb it?\par
(answer irrelevant, avatar \ldblquote climbs)\par
Now, you must answer all of my questions correctly, or you will fall, and you will die. Are you ready?\par
(answer irrelevant)\par
Liar. That was a close one. I almost killed you.\par
\par
[repeat questions with answers from the beginning? - how old are you/where are you from, OR]\par
\par
(almost all answers are irrelevant, except for last question)\par
Are you happy with your life?\par
\par
Are you happy with yourself?\par
\par
Would you consider yourself successful?\par
\par
Are you having fun?\par
(yes - success)\par
no - back to base of tower\par
\par
Good! I\rquote m glad. And look how high you are up here!\par
(avatar moves across tower, looks out along distance)\par
I\rquote m glad we understand each other. You\rquote re the best friend I could ever have. Do you like me yet?\par
(answer irrelevant)\par
You\rquote ll like me more. I like you.\par
\par
\highlight1 You know, it\rquote s not your fault the world came to be like this. The real world, I mean. No one talking to each other. Over-dependent on technology. Running out of energy. They gave us, what, three more years to live? But that\rquote s why I need your help. With your help, we can stop this.\highlight0\par
\par
Do you think you can fly through the air? I\rquote ll bet you can do it if you breathe.\par
(answer irrelevant, avatar flies directly across screen)\par
Hahahaha! You look so weird! \highlight1 This will probably be the most beautiful moment of your life.\highlight0\par
\highlight1 (avatar descends to ground)\par
Let\rquote s keep going. You\rquote re not far from the end.\par
\highlight0\par
\ul\b Riddle:\ulnone\b0\par

\pard\sl420\slmult0\cf3\highlight1\f1\fs28 What is as light as a feather, but even the world's strongest man couldn't hold it for more than a minute? -> his breath / air / breath\cf0\highlight0\kerning1\f0\fs24\par

\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\par
\ul\b END LEVEL TWO:\ulnone\b0\par
(player comes to a stop)\par
(phone ringing sfx)\par
Do you hear that? Are you going to answer it?\par
Yes/No, No redirects to question\par
Look! It\rquote s me. :)\par
I thought you could use a morale boost.\par
You can do it! You\rquote re the only one who can do it. I picked you for a reason.\par
\par
\par
\ul\b START LEVEL THREE:\ulnone\b0\par
\ul\b INTRODUCTION TO CHARACTER MOVEMENT:\par
\ulnone\b0 Look at that! Do you see that there?\par
\par
(player runs into a sign)\par
Oh, look at that! Will you read what it says?\par
no -> (player starts running again) That\rquote s right. Never listen to anything you read.\par
yes -> \ldblquote (name) is the most stupid person on this planet.\rdblquote  Oh! Now that\rquote s not very nice, even if it is true.\par
\par
-basic platforming ensues, with box puzzle, OR-\par
\par
\par
\ul\b START LEVEL FOUR:\ulnone\b0\par
Underground level!!!\par
Player emerges on a flat surface with nothing there, \highlight1 Zed gives hints to dig\highlight0\par
\par
\par
\ul\b FINAL BOSS:\ulnone\b0\par
Zed incarnate? Larger version of the player character sprite\par
Fighting doesn\rquote t work? \highlight1 Only way to beat him is\'85. By saying you trust him? \highlight0 ORRRR While on the phone in level prior, he tells you a \ldblquote secret\rdblquote  phrase that is the key to defeating him? (Is that too difficult?) And if you fail too much you can go back to the beginning of the stage and find a sign\'85?\par
\par
\par
\ul\b END SCREEN:\ulnone\b0\par
Congratulations! You\rquote ve won.\par
Thank you for your help.\par
Your computer is mine.\par
(program shuts down on its own)\par
\par
\ul\b Responses to keywords (if we want to have responses to specific keywords?):\ulnone\b0\par
\ldblquote name\rdblquote  -> My name is Zed.\par
\ldblquote why\rdblquote  -> I asked for your help. Is that not reason enough?\par
\ldblquote stop\rdblquote  -> You can\rquote t and I won\rquote t.\par
\ldblquote quit\rdblquote  -> Do you really want to quit?\par
Yes -> I really think you could be the one. Are you sure?\par
Yes -> Farewell, friend.\par
No -> Good!\par
\par
\ul\b Other Gameplay Ideas:\ulnone\b0\par
Switches\par
Doors\par
Ladders\par
\highlight1 Digging??? \highlight0 (If the hacker gives him a hint?)\par
Fighting\par
Sticky platform?\par
\par
\highlight1\ul\b Puzzles:\highlight0\ulnone\b0\par
music puzzles (read the staff, the staff will read \ldblquote dog\rdblquote  and the hint will be \ldblquote what did you kill in the beginning\rdblquote )\par
moving blocks\par
riddles\par
number puzzles?\par
anagrams\par
secret codes, numbers representing letters \emdash > hints found on signs or by answering questions from Zed correctly\par
playing a song hinted at by Zed? (something easy like baa baa black sheep or twinkle twinkle little star, song will play in the background throughout level as well)\par
\'85.math\'85.\par
\'85..sudoku\'85.\par
\highlight1\'85\'85simon says\'85\'85.\par
\highlight0\par
\par
\par
\ul\b Potential Riddles:\ulnone\b0\par

\pard\sl420\slmult0\cf3\highlight1\kerning0\f1\fs28 Two girls were born to the same mother, on the same day, at the same time, in the same month and year and yet they're not twins. \par
How can this be? -> triplets\par
\par
What occurs once in every minute, twice in every moment, yet never in a thousand years? -> \ldblquote m\rdblquote\par
\par
\highlight2 "Now what's cooler...than being cool?"\par
*player must type ICE COLD*\par
[ (If player fails...)\par
"I said what's...what's cooler...than being cool??"\par
ICE COLD ]\par
Zed chants "ALRIGHT ALRIGHT ALRIGHT ALRIGHT ALRIGHT ALRIGHT ALRIGHT ALRIGHT" and there is a sudden transition into a slippery ice screen/stage (if we have one.)\par
\par
\highlight1\par
\highlight0\par
\par
Places to credit for SFX:\par

\pard\sl320\slmult0 {\cf4\f2\fs26{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.freesfx.co.uk }}{\fldrslt{http://www.freesfx.co.uk\ul0\cf0}}}}\cf4\f2\fs26\par
}
 