{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red38\green40\blue41;\red244\green176\blue83;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18800\viewh11160\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Zed.exe\
*establish that he is a hacker\
*more challenge with the jumps\
*do you not not not not not not not want to jump?\
\
(keyboard sounds as background music)\
(more general music when game starts, first archaic then progress with graphics)\
(quickly blinking cursor)\
(Go through to make it less cheap/not fair \'97 player should be able to have an idea of what the answer is, rather than being at a loss for how to please Zed)\
\
\

\b \ul INTRODUCTION:
\b0 \ulnone \
Hello?\
\
I\'92ve finally found you!\
\
I need your help. Please be honest with me. Honesty is important.\
\
What is your first name?\
\
What is your last name?\
\
What is your age?\
\
Which country are you from?\
\
Zip code?\
\
Social security number?\
\
That was a joke! Don\'92t be so offended. My name is Zed. Nice to meet you.\
\
I\'92m not an African prince. I just need your help. You\'92ll help me, right? (Y/N)\
\'97> choice \'93no\'94 repeats this question\
Great!\
\

\b \ul PLATFORMING SCREEN OPENS UP, LEVEL ONE:\

\b0 \ulnone (cursor blink speed 1)
\b \ul \

\b0 \ulnone \
Look! That stupid little stick man is you. You\'92re so cute.\
\
I need you to get to the end. Would you like to go forward? (Y/N)\
\
Good. You won\'92t be able to stop moving. I hope that isn\'92t a problem for you.\
\
Oh, but there\'92s a hole. If you don\'92t jump over it, you\'92ll die. Would you like to jump? (Y/N)\
\
Just kidding! You won\'92t die. Would you like to jump? (Y/N)\
\
You\'92re good at this. Jump? (Y/N)\
\
Jump? (Y/N)\
\
Jump? (Y/N)\
\
Wow! You\'92re good at this. Jump? (Y/N)\
\
(cursor blink speed 3)\
Would you like to know more about me? (Y/N)\
(answer irrelevant)\
I\'92ll call you. What is your phone number?\
(won\'92t continue until player inputs 7 or 10 numbers)\
(cursor blink speed 4)\
You should answer that. (a jump coming up on screen) Will you answer your phone? (Y/N)\
\
Jump? (Y/N)\
\
(cursor blink speed 2)\
You\'92re quite rude.\
\
That\'92s okay. I understand. It was an invasion of your privacy.\
\
You wouldn\'92t want me to invade your privacy, would you? (Y/N)\
\
Do you want to not jump? (Y/N)\
\
Do you not want to not jump? (Y/N)\
\
Do you not not not not not not want to jump? (Y/N)\
\
Oh, you\'92re very good at this. I knew it was right to choose you as my friend. Are you glad to be my friend? (Y/N)\
(answer irrelevant)\
Jump? (Y/N)\
\
I like you.\
\
If you answer this correctly, you can jump. Hey, think fast: what\'92s 32432523 + 548493280?\
(answer irrelevant as long as input received)\
Hahaha! I was just kidding. The point is that you answered. Are you mad at me? (Y/N)\
\
Are you sure? (Y/N)\
\
Are you sure? (Y/N)\
\
Are you sure? (Y/N)\
 \
Are you sure you\'92ll jump? (Y/N)\
\
(player comes to a leap of faith with a sign before it asking, \'93Do you trust me?\'94)\
(Leap of Faith is successful.)\
\
(player comes to a stop in front of a circular object)\
Oh, look! A puppy! Kill the puppy? (Y/N)\
No -> Back to question\
Yes -> I see you\'92re not a dog person.\
\

\b \ul END LEVEL ONE:\

\b0 \ulnone (cursor blink speed 1)\
Congratulations! We\'92ve reached the next level.\
Can I tell you a secret?\
You\'92re not the first person who has tried to help me.\
But don\'92t worry. You\'92re doing the best so far.\
\

\b \ul LEVEL TWO:\

\b0 \ulnone (cursor blink 3)
\b \ul \

\b0 \ulnone (stuff starts chasing player from behind)\
Run? (Y/N)\
\
Run faster? (Y/N)\
\
Silly. Only I can make you go faster.
\b \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulc0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone (player runs into a box, cannot advance)\
(cursor blink 1)\
Good, now that you\'92re stopped, I have a few questions. Is that okay? (Y/N)\
(answer irrelevant)\
Will you answer them honestly? (Y/N)\
No -> Repeat question\
Okay, answer this question properly, or you will lose the game. Do you like me? (Y/N)\
No -> continue\
Yes -> restart level\
Honesty is important here. I need you to be honest about yourself. I will be honest in return.\
(player starts moving again)\
You\'92re probably wondering who I am. I am Zed. That\'92s not my real name, but it\'92s close enough for you. I\'92ve been hacking into people\'92s computers, trying to find someone to help me. And you said you\'92re going to help me. Right? (Y/N)\
\
Yes. Hackers don\'92t have to be bad, do they? (Y/N)
\b \ul \

\b0 \ulnone (answer irrelevant)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone (player comes to large enemy)\
Attack? (Y/N)\
yes -> (player falls down) Silly human. You were not strong enough to defeat that creature.\
No -> (player bypasses enemy) How smart of you! How clever you are.
\b \ul \

\b0 \ulnone \
(cursor blink speed 3)\
(run into a flat wall, come to a stop)\
The wall of a castle! How cute. Would you like to climb it? (Y/N)\
(answer irrelevant, avatar \'93climbs)\
Now, you must answer all of my questions correctly, or you will fall, and you will die. Are you ready? (Y/N)\
(answer irrelevant)\
Liar. That was a close one. I almost killed you.\
\
[repeat questions with answers from the beginning? - how old are you/where are you from, (honesty is important) OR]\
(almost all answers are irrelevant, except for last question)\
Are you happy with your life? (Y/N)\
\
Are you happy with yourself? (Y/N)\
\
Would you consider yourself successful? (Y/N)\
\
Are you having fun? (Y/N)\
(yes - success)\
no - back to base of tower\
\
Good! I\'92m glad. And look how high you are up here!\
(avatar moves across tower, looks out along distance)\
I\'92m glad we understand each other. You\'92re the best friend I could ever have. Do you like me yet? (Y/N)\
(answer irrelevant)\
You\'92ll like me more. I like you.\
\
(cursor blink speed 4)\
You know, it\'92s not your fault the world came to be like this. The real world, I mean. No one talking to each other. Over-dependent on technology. Running out of energy. They gave us, what, three more years to live? But that\'92s why I need your help. With your help, we can stop this.\
\
(cursor blink speed 2)\
Do you think you can fly through the air? I\'92ll bet you can do it if you breathe.\
(avatar flies directly across screen)\
Hahahaha! You look so weird! This will probably be the most beautiful moment of your life.\
(avatar descends to ground)\
Let\'92s keep going. You\'92re not far from the end.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \ul Riddle:
\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is as light as a feather, but even the world's strongest man couldn't hold it for more than a minute? -> his breath / air / breath
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0  \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \ul END LEVEL TWO:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone (cursor blink speed 1)\
(player comes to a stop)\
(phone ringing sfx)\
Do you hear that? Are you going to answer it? (Y/N)\
Yes/No, No redirects to question\
Look! It\'92s me. :)\
I thought you could use a morale boost.\
You can do it! You\'92re the only one who can do it. I picked you for a reason.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \ul START LEVEL THREE:
\b0 \ulnone \

\b \ul INTRODUCTION TO CHARACTER MOVEMENT:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone (cursor blink speed 3)
\b \ul \

\b0 \ulnone Hey\'85. is it just me, or are you getting a little restless? (Y/N)\
\
Well, you\'92ve done well. You\'92ve helped me a lot. I want to give you a reward. Look at that! Do you see that there? (Y/N)\
(sign in the distance)\
You can move on your own now. Will you read what it says? (Y/N)\
no -> (player starts running again) That\'92s right. Never listen to anything you read.\
yes -> \'93(name) is the most stupid person on this planet.\'94 Oh! Now that\'92s not very nice, even if it is true.\
\
(player can move on own, so answers no longer necessary)\
By the way, don\'92t touch those boxes.\
(boxes kill player, restart to the beginning)\
\
Remember how I said you were helping me? You were.\
\
I\'92ve hacked into your computer, while you were busy playing this.\
\
Did you think we were really friends? You\'92re so cute.\
\
What are you going to do now?\
\
Is there even any point to finishing this game?\
\
-basic platforming puzzles, with switches or box puzzles or monsters?-\
-we can also use the command line for things?-\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \ul START LEVEL FOUR:
\b0 \ulnone \
Underground level!!!\
Player emerges on a flat surface with nothing there, Zed gives hints to dig\
\
\

\b \ul FINAL BOSS:
\b0 \ulnone \
Zed incarnate? Larger version of the player character sprite\
Fighting doesn\'92t work? Only way to beat him is\'85. By saying you trust him? ORRRR While on the phone in level prior, he tells you a \'93secret\'94 phrase that is the key to defeating him? And if you fail too much you can go back to the beginning of the stage and find a sign\'85? And Zed starts spouting off his mandate while you\'92re attacking him, woohoo\
\
(cursor blink speed 5)\
You\'92ve found me.\
\
Good luck defeating me.\
\
You know something? I hate computers.\
\
That might be odd for a hacker to say, but it\'92s true.\
\
We\'92ve ruined our lives, and the planet, because of our constant use of these stupid things.\
\
That\'92s why I needed your help.\
\
I want to get rid of all technology.\
\
I\'92m destroying from within.\
\
And you can\'92t stop me, (name).\
\
There\'92s nothing you can do to stop me.\
\

\b \ul END SCREEN:
\b0 \ulnone \
Congratulations! You\'92ve won.\
Thank you for your help.\
Your computer is mine.\
(program shuts down on its own)\
\
BSOD\
\

\b \ul Responses to keywords (if we want to have responses to specific keywords?):
\b0 \ulnone \
\'93name\'94 -> My name is Zed.\
\'93why\'94 -> I asked for your help. Is that not reason enough?\
\'93stop\'94 -> You can\'92t and I won\'92t.\
\'93quit\'94 -> Do you really want to quit?\
Yes -> I really think you could be the one. Are you sure?\
Yes -> Farewell, friend.\
No -> Good!\
\

\b \ul Other Gameplay Ideas:
\b0 \ulnone \
Switches\
Doors (locked? with keys?)\
Ladders\
Digging??? (If the hacker gives him a hint?)\
Fighting\
Sticky platform?\
Climbing on top of screen\
Player breaks out into white space\
Collectibles?\
moving platforms?\
\
\

\b \ul Puzzles:
\b0 \ulnone \
music puzzles (read the staff, the staff will read \'93dog\'94 and the hint will be \'93what did you kill\'94)\
moving blocks\
riddles\
number puzzles?\
anagrams\
secret codes, numbers representing letters \'97> hints found on signs or by answering questions from Zed correctly\
playing a song hinted at by Zed? (something easy like baa baa black sheep or twinkle twinkle little star, song will play in the background throughout level as well)\
\'85.math\'85.\
\'85..sudoku\'85.\
\'85\'85simon says\'85\'85.\
\
\
\

\b \ul Potential Riddles:
\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Two girls were born to the same mother, on the same day, at the same time, in the same month and year and yet they're not twins. \
How can this be? -> triplets\
\
What occurs once in every minute, twice in every moment, yet never in a thousand years? -> \'93m\'94\
\
Places to credit for SFX & MUSIC:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\fs26 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
http://www.freesfx.co.uk\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://incompetech.com/"}}{\fldrslt http://incompetech.com/}} (Kevin MacLeod)}